>> Jem: What's a potential
security hole with DNS?
We mentioned before that you can
take a bunch of sites offline
if you have only had one DNS provider.
What's something else that's
pretty dangerous that can happen?
I know it's in the slides, so.
But, just don't jump ahead.
What do you guys think?
Nobody?
So let's, lets say you copied my site
completely, you copied jemyoung.com.
Now this part where it says,
buy my book, I don't own a book.
But it says buy my book,
insert your credit information.
Let's say someone copied my site entirely,
how would they know
they're at the right site?
Well, you could use something
called DNS cache poisoning.
So, if I somehow poison all this cache
that we talked about earlier, to say that
jemyoung.com isn't 23.23.185.61,
it's actually this other IP address.
And you go there and
it looks just like my site.
And your browser doesn't know because in
the browser it says jemyoung.com, right?
So, DNS pass voice is a real thing.
One way to solve that is through HTTPS, so
that just says it's a handshake between
the browser and the server, and the DNS
provider says, I am where I say I am.
But in the early days of internet,
this was so malicious.
You can go to google.com and
you're typing in you're logged in and
you think your on google.com but
you're actually not.
You're on a completely different server
in China or something like that.
So this is a whole, this actually gets
brought up probably once a year, someones
DNS gets attacked and the cache gets reset
and pointing to the malicious websites,
which is why companies like Chrome and
Firefox are so insistent on HTTPS.
HTTPS, again, is just it's a handshake
that says you are where you say you are.
But this is something to be very wary of,
DNS cache poisoning, so.
>> Speaker 2: Sorry, Jem,
are you gonna actually talk about HTTPS?
>> Jem: If we have time
at the end of the day,
I would love to get
everybody set up on HTTPS.
But that's, it's a bit more involved,
there's still,
there are companies like less encryptors.
It's fantastic.
I use them for my own site, but
it's pretty advanced to get that set up,
but I'll talk about it
a little bit later and
hopefully we have time
at the end of the day.
We'll get everybody
a nice screen lock icon.
Pretty fun.